I debated on changing the CreateRide when we were in the create module
to be able to return the object that we had created the database out of
that function, but opted to do it in this read module because if you
don't care about it being returned,
this is a lot of extra work that you may or may not need.
So if you care about reading that as you return it,
I've opted to do it here. To be able to retrieve the record that we
just created from the database, specifically the ID, we need to modify
our create statement to utilize a keyholder.
This is not a shortcoming of Spring JDBC, but rather JDBC itself.
Spring has a decent workaround though,
and let's implement this in our code now and return an object rather than null from our method.